DRAFT: Reference removal of Vulkan SDK dependency (#648)
uxlfoundation/oneapi-construction-kit: doc/modules/mux.rst

capabilities are handled in the build system may not be immediately
obvious because of the number of CMake variables and the number of
components involved. Capability-related variables are present in Abacus
builtins, Mux, and all Mux target devices. The OpenCL implementation

> (``source/cl``) does not rely on capability variables, as they need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(``source/cl``) does not rely on capability variables, as it needs to
```
